docs(common): Update information about custom themes and color variables (#2103)
telerik/blazor-docs: knowledge-base/common-theme-customization-options.md

## Solution

Generally, there are **four** ways to customize the appearance of the Telerik Blazor components. All of them, except the first one, add an extra step to **every** UI for Blazor version update.

1. Use color CSS variables to modify an existing theme.

>     * This approach is supported for theme versions `8.0.0` and Telerik UI for Blazor versions `5.2.0` and above.

Author: ```suggestion
    * This approach is supported for theme versions `8.0.0` and Telerik UI for Blazor versions `6.0.0` and above.
```
